Yes
this is delonghi esam
25 452
a fully automatic your maud so fresh beans
with no fewer than five milk functions
the water basin is considerably less than 1.7
liters
the bean container has 200 grams of content
it has a very handy control button
that's the automatic cappuccino that
call it one touch
In addition, they feature five milk in addition
this machine has steel
grinding discs
very durable
in the end you always start just like me
with the menu
there is a descaling called that
means that you can set that and that
the machine then the entire descaling
if you have added the substance
completed
you can set the time then it is a clock
you can switch off automatically by
to set that up
you can switch on
and that's nice because if you use your server
want to drink coffee in the morning than you can
you still don't think you can
take care of
temperature can you set then I would
say set him a position of the maximum
back
energy saving delicious that helps one
everyone
the heating plate and yours now
really on and off and it heats
really
there time of the water that can take you
ask your water supplier
set the language well we will
provisionally to get hold Dutch
you can install a filter that gives
you also meet through the menu and your can
the audio signal
also so it hardness the strength of it
Sound can define you
lighting of the head can even
adjust brightness we can do more
don't rush families hence we go to
the fabrice full where the go back again
and are going to keep us busy with the
operation is the operation on the display
clearly you want a button press this
button
do you want to adjust the amount thereof
hold the button the first time
until the coffee has reached the height
the cup or the nice coffee glass
what let loose your desire and he is
adjusted
he does the same with two buttons
not difficult at all
with this push button you can be precise
get indicated for which coffee in
basically all choose the flavor only counts
you actually agree with that
and the state now you mail goes to normal
you go to strong and then you go to
extra strong aroma the type of coffee that
can be set with by pressing the button
then I have a small head
now I have an extra strong aroma
And I have
crap an espresso that you like
Yes
well at least this is my size
there is a nice cream layer on this one
about 60 ml
don't think the little one is well
taste
he is pruning hot he would be one for me
while back may itself then taste
really what I really needed
delicious is that
This button is the button to turn the machine on
command to flush and this button
is not just the ok button
working in the menu but also the button
the descaling program it is starting now
let's go to a very important one
part of there has that machine
actually
he is unique in that he still has it
more from the lombok
the cappuccino one touch that we go like that
trying out
that's nice because then you only have to
just press the button and wait
your entire cappuccino is ready
but there is still something special he has
the my button
milk when I press it here it sees
Already appear among other things and
latte macchiato and cafe latte
and so there are three more types of milk
products with coffee that we use with this
machine can put
5 milk products and that is unique
the spout goes down the foam
pipe that is extendable not to
we also spill down
cappuccino
zoë ja well she doesn't see that every day
the foam is very fine-meshed
and what I always want to see is that one
low and there is a nice one
Cappuccino and if you are wondering with more fit
would like to have
put it underneath and bigger one
nespresso
then you have a strong cappuccino but
this one will do it
he is incredibly hot striking at
the lung you get on the whole
easy off
look and here he has the three positions
button he is now on cappuccino
he goes straight to a latte macchiato and
goes straight to a cafe latte
What is also nice is that you get the parts
both the pipe
you can take it off and you can do this pipe
take off
that is possible in the dishwasher you have
of course the flushing system for it
Cappuccino portion but then you can do this
you can just share in the dishwasher
run with it
the water basin is on the side
so no problem with cupboards on the
top is a hefty baker of 1.7
liter of grinding the beans is very quiet
I just noticed that and when I notice this
lies then I also see that there is a fat one
rubber edge that has all the vibration
keep noise indoors
that's nice that is now nice and mobile
continue to call while you have coffee
We are now going to leave the brew group
see where it is but then you must first
turn off the machine
you take the water tank away that is
not difficult
you open this cover on the
top that is also not complicated
then you press those two red protrusions
and then you have the wonderful thing
beautiful infuser you very compact
de'longhi you your hands
well this move you need that you need off and on
rinse with lukewarm water
but nothing more
you press the red wings again and
you can put it in its place very easily
until you hear a click
cover closed
water is a true place and you
are ready
with the just schooner of these
brew group
only thing left to do for maintenance
the milk can come off for a moment
receptacle of what we call cookies
and this actually includes rinsing water
and if I grab a cookie like that
we can see that he has something beautiful
of makes that is very important to
know
then the lobby has maintenance
also invented a kit yourself
to manufacture
with descaler with milk cleaner
very handy available with every de
long your dealer